The emperor himself brought people here
What do we do?
Kill them all.
A cow
Let them die without proof
Then we say we're going to die tonight
I'm here to catch the thieves in the city
Good People
Kill them all!
Then they changed their clothes
You think the emperor's royal forest
Are all soldiers vegetarian?
Just you thunderbolts
My royal family won't believe him
What should I do? Is there any other way?
Other methods
Winner dies loser
The other way is to run away
Run away? It's already surrounded by the cosmos
How do we escape
Therefore, they must all be killed
Not a single one
or
I have a skill
I don't know if you dare to use any strategies
Wang Ye Wang Jun
How can I sincerely offer you a plan?
He doesn't believe me, does he believe you?
You have a fucking plan
You shut up
Say
What's the plan?
If it works
The king can let you go
The emperor will not stay with too many people this time
You can lay in ambush around
Wait for the emperor to come in and thank the emperor
Then ask him to step aside immediately